
# Meeting notes
## 2021-10-05 13:30

## People
- [[Jack Contro]]
- [[Elmira Ahmedova]]
- [[Emma Baldachin]]


## Notes
**Elmira** - on the MI: data analysis and vis of the logs 
tracking of info
use cases: 
	- Trainer visibility
	- Feeback on confidence of the content
	- Understanding how people interact with the platform
	
Logging

Communication between trainers and the project <-> getting feedback and backlog
Need to be able to clarify what the priorities of all the tickets from trainers are -> put them into a backlog
-> lack of business priorities
Ask: help improve the ops system (review with becca) from 

Database changes pipeline

Search (golang and lambdas)
	NLP for documents

code editor - off scope 




## Outcomes

## Personal Todos



#### tags

#meeting